Update docs theme to use WordPress branding (#676)
WordPress/wordpress-playground: packages/docs/site/docs/08-query-api/01-index.md

| `lazy`         |               | Defer loading the Playground assets until someone clicks on the "Run" button                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| `login`        | `1`           | Logs the user in as an admin                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| `gutenberg-pr` |               | Loads the specified Gutenberg Pull Request                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |

> | `storage`      |               | Selects the storage for Playground: `temporary` gets erased on page refresh, `browser` is stored in the browser, and `opfs-host` is stored in the selected directory on a device. The last two protect the user from accidentally losing their work upon page refresh.                                                                                         |

Reviewer: These names were updated recently to `none`, `browser`, and `device`. The old ones still work, but let's refer to the new ones in the doc:

```suggestion
| `storage`      |               | Selects the storage for Playground: `none` gets erased on page refresh, `browser` is stored in the browser, and `device` is stored in the selected directory on a device. The last two protect the user from accidentally losing their work upon page refresh.                                                                                         |
```

Reviewer: @ajitbohra I saw you rebased but this issue is still present. If you just go ahead and commit this suggestion I can merge your PR right away. Thank you!
